Hi! I’m a PhD student in Computer Science at Linköping University, Sweden. My supervisor is Senior Associate Professor [Niklas Carlsson](https://www.ida.liu.se/~nikca89/). My research focuses on machine learning, computer vision, security & privacy, and sports analytics.

Before starting my PhD, I worked as a Cybersecurity Engineer at China State Railway Group from 2021 to 2023. My work involved developing and deploying cybersecurity infrastructures and defending against cyberattacks—a challenging and rewarding experience that deepened my technical and problem-solving skills.

Prior to that, I earned an M.S. in Computer Science from Syracuse University in 2020 and a B.Eng. in Information Management and Information Systems from Hefei University of Technology in 2018. During these years, I gained strong programming skills, experience in system design, and a passion for research, while also building my leadership and teamwork abilities. I also completed an internship as a Software Engineer at iFLYTEK from November 2016 to February 2017 in Hefei, Anhui, China. During this time, I was involved in the development and testing of in-vehicle voice assistance systems, gaining valuable hands-on experience in software development and quality assurance.

Now, as a PhD researcher, I’m diving into privacy challenges in generative models (like diffusion models and vision-language models) and working on object tracking and identification in (sports) videos. I am also interested in video synthesis. 